(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
JASON: Peter.
Your momma wants to speak with you.
MEREDITH: Peter?
Take my hand.
PETER: I've been lost before.
But then I found meaning.
Found love.
And yeah, it got taken from me,
and God, that hurts.
You ever feel lost, look into the eyes
of the people that you love.
They'll tell you exactly who you are.
All right. Bye.
KORATH: What is your name?
My name is Peter Quill, okay?
Dude, chill out.
Move!
Hey, you know what?
There's another name might know me by.
Star-Lord.
Who?
Hey! If it isn't Star-Prince.
-Star-Lord.
-Oh. Sorry. "Lord."
Peter Jason Quill, from Terra.
Raised from youth by a band of mercenaries
called the Ravagers, led by Yondu Udonta.
What a bunch of a-holes.
PETER: Hey. Put that away.
That's mine. Those belong to impound.
That tape and that player is mine!
-(GRUNTING)
-(STATIC CRACKLING)
GAMORA: Why would you
risk your life for this?
My mother gave it to me.
I look around at us.
You know what I see?
Losers.
Folks who have lost stuff.
And we have. Man, we have. All of us.
Usually, life takes more
than it gives. But not today.
Today, it's given us something.
It has given us a chance.
To do what?
Not run away.
I, for one, am not gonna
stand by and watch
as Ronan wipes out
billions of innocent lives.
But, Quill, you're asking us to die.
Yeah, I guess I am.
Xandar! You stand accused.
All Ronan's gotta do is touch the Stone
to the planet's surface and zap.
GAMORA: Everything will die.
Quill, you gotta hurry.
No!
Take my hand, Peter.
-Mom.
-GAMORA: Peter!
RONAN: You're mortal!
How?
We're the Guardians of the Galaxy.
EGO: When I heard of a man from Earth
who held an Infinity Stone
in his hand without dying...
I knew you must be the son
of the woman I loved.
And who the hell are you?
My name is Ego...
and I'm your dad, Peter.
DRAX: I thought Yondu was your father.
This whole time you thought Yondu
was my actual blood relative?
You look exactly alike.
One's blue!
PETER: You have your own planet?
I'm what's called a Celestial.
PETER: Like a god?
Small "g," son.
It was with Meredith
that I first experienced love.
And from that love, Peter...
you.
PETER: I'm immortal?
Mmm-hmm.
EGO: As long as the light burns
within the planet.
MANTIS: The bodies...
are his children.
EGO: Only we can remake the universe.
PETER: But my mother...
You said you loved my mother.
EGO: And that I did.
It broke my heart
to put that tumor in her head.
Mom? No! No!
What?
Now, all right, I know that sounds...
EGO: You really need to grow up.
-No.
-(CRACKS)
You shouldn't have killed my mom,
and squished my Walkman.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
EGO: If you kill me...
you'll be just like everybody else.
What's so wrong with that?
No!
He may have been your father, boy,
but he wasn't your daddy.
I'm damn lucky you're my boy.
PETER: No! No!
No!
When I was a kid I used to pretend
David Hasselhoff was my dad.
Yondu didn't have a talking car,
but both Yondu and David Hasselhoff
went on kick-ass adventures
and hooked up with hot women...
and fought robots.
Sometimes that thing you're searching
for your whole life...
it's right there by your side all along.
You don't even know it.
It's just...
What?
GAMORA: Some unspoken thing.
PETER: Let her go, Grimace.
(SOBBING) I love you more than anything.
(SOFTLY) I love you, too.
STARK: All right, I have a plan.
I like your plan.
Except it sucks,
so let me do the plan...
and that way it might be really good.
PETER: Where is she?
He took her to Vormir.
He came back with the Soul Stone.
But she didn't.
(GRUNTING)
(ALL SHOUTING)
(YELLING)
Wait. So does that make you my sister?
That's the greatest
Christmas gift I could ever get.